2/2 Doc fixup (#21309)
commaai/openpilot: CONTRIBUTING.md

Our software is open source so you can solve your own problems without needing help from others. And if you solve a problem and are so kind, you can upstream it for the rest of the world to use.

> Most open source development activity is coordinated through our [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/commaai/openpilot/discussions) and [Discord](https://discord.comma.ai). A lot of documentation is available on our [medium](https://comma-ai.medium.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most open source development activity is coordinated through our [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/commaai/openpilot/discussions) and [Discord](https://discord.comma.ai). A lot of documentation is available on our [blog](https://blog.comma.ai/).
```

## Car Ports (openpilot)

> We've released a [Model Port guide](https://comma-ai.medium.com/openpilot-port-guide-for-toyota-models-e5467f4b5fe6) for porting to Toyota/Lexus models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've released a [Model Port guide](https://blog.comma.ai/openpilot-port-guide-for-toyota-models/) for porting to Toyota/Lexus models.
```

> If you port openpilot to a substantially new car brand, see this more generic [Brand Port guide](https://comma-ai.medium.com/how-to-write-a-car-port-for-openpilot-7ce0785eda84).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you port openpilot to a substantially new car brand, see this more generic [Brand Port guide](https://blog.comma.ai/how-to-write-a-car-port-for-openpilot/).
```

```
git submodule update --init
```

> The reasons for having submodules on a dedicated repository and our new development philosophy can be found in our [post about externalization](https://comma-ai.medium.com/a-2020-theme-externalization-13b33326d8b3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reasons for having submodules on a dedicated repository and our new development philosophy can be found in our [post about externalization](https://blog.comma.ai/a-2020-theme-externalization/).
```
